Wuxinjiang understands that he is in the citizen dragon,
It's not like you and twenty-sixty families can heat up relatives.
As I said just now, it does not mean the future.
The old man is a famous dragon general, how can he be afraid of you, Long Wen?
Heck, anything you dare.
Still want to arrive
I don't want to kill people here where I'm saving people.
you take your people
If I don't go, you can go crazy
You continue to be crazy
If you are crazy, I will follow my master
How to clean up
This young master is here to buy today
But if you don’t have time, this is where to go
Nice to say
Aren't you scared by that?
Don't be proud
How about when I beat meat?
You can make the master finish it
Give you the meat
Now you won't have to worry about it anymore
I have prepared enough packaging
Go and use it quickly
enough packaging
I will be the 30 billion in cash
I am a 500-year-old girl
how are you
I'm very cautious around me
It’s better to wear a bunch of Chinese swords from a thousand miles away
How little you are
As long as it's you
But be obedient and ask for a lot.